[4.1.0] Interceptors for Choreo Connect (#4953)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/message-transformation/interceptor-microservice/interceptor-microservice-open-api-definition.md

# Interceptor Microservice Open API Definition

> Following is the Open API definition of the interceptor microservice that you need to be implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is the Open API definition of the interceptor microservice that you need to implement.
```
